Magalie Marcellus: How are you
Kelley Briscar: Oh, I'm okay, how are you
Magalie Marcellus: Good.
Kelley Briscar: My connections, not the great things.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Can you know okay I'm gonna try to put my
Magalie Marcellus: Head. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: See if that helps. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: But I might have to
Kelley Briscar: Hold real quick. I should have done this before.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Let me see.
Kelley Briscar: Okay, let me. Can I hear you say can you say some
Magalie Marcellus: I
Magalie Marcellus: I hear you. Okay, I'll take on me.
Kelley Briscar: I'll be right back.
I just got to go to my
Magalie Marcellus: Office.
Kelley Briscar: And I'll hit the Bluetooth, it should pop it on
Kelley Briscar: Alright, you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I hear
Kelley Briscar: Ya.
Kelley Briscar: I hear me okay
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Okay. All right. So you set up the same place.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah so hot things in Ohio Donna's virus gonna
Kelley Briscar: Go crazy, you know, often very good numbers decline and
Kelley Briscar: We're on a stay at home order. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: That was down me as a mouse job so that's
Kelley Briscar: So that's
Kelley Briscar: It for the moment.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that'll police are coming back.
Or
Magalie Marcellus: May not fall together. Yes, it's difficult. What's going on right now.
Magalie Marcellus: So how are you handling it.
Kelley Briscar: All right, you know, one day, the time I did. I don't allow myself to watch it 24 seven. You know, I
Kelley Briscar: Really important thing, you know, when the governor off.
Kelley Briscar: On
Kelley Briscar: Try not to. Otherwise, I'll
Kelley Briscar: Bet you right yeah yeah so I tried to limit myself to that with a fast. I don't listen to speculation.
Magalie Marcellus: Or anything like that.
Kelley Briscar: So far, you know, I mean, we had a hard day was the land was not last week, but the week before when something to put in with only non essential
Kelley Briscar: Essential is working because now with that.
Kelley Briscar: Thanks, Carlos, but because
Magalie Marcellus: He does.
Kelley Briscar: At least as of now, so
Kelley Briscar: You know one of those
Kelley Briscar: Well, it's like the hardware related he makes
Kelley Briscar: Sense.
Kelley Briscar: Okay hardware stores and stuff like that. It's
Kelley Briscar: Fine bill open so
Magalie Marcellus: So they they need the
Magalie Marcellus: Goods because I still
Kelley Briscar: Open right right though. I mean, make a change. I don't know. But now you know
Magalie Marcellus: Stay positive for now that
Magalie Marcellus: Is gonna have
Kelley Briscar: Some hours right
Magalie Marcellus: Right, and everybody's feeling. And then, you know, other the hotel. So saw
Kelley Briscar: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: They don't, they're not taking any people here.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: 50 people that already here, you know,
Kelley Briscar: They do have down hotels remain open. He's been there for a little bit different. I don't think they'll reply and wait for this one.
Magalie Marcellus: Because it's wrong time.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: A lot of people that live here.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: Just taking it day by day, like everybody
Kelley Briscar: kind of worried about my youngest daughter.
Kelley Briscar: And my dad and
Magalie Marcellus: My
Kelley Briscar: youngest son Tyler
Magalie Marcellus: Tyler Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. So I kind of
Kelley Briscar: Work, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Know,
Kelley Briscar: You're a little nervous but the key words together, how to be one of those
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: He's the one
Magalie Marcellus: Taking proper question.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Yeah. And then you have much
Kelley Briscar: Is coming in amount of
Kelley Briscar: People
Kelley Briscar: Say, so
Kelley Briscar: You're running a fever or, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Right, right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And even if it's not bad, just the fact you're sick and possibly having to go to see a doctor that's
Magalie Marcellus: Right as well so
Kelley Briscar: Doing a lot of you here.
Kelley Briscar: You know video and
Magalie Marcellus: Yes video conference. Uh huh.
Kelley Briscar: Yes, he did.
Magalie Marcellus: Good.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: Indicated so
Kelley Briscar: Today with mutual I'll probably talk a little bit late.
Kelley Briscar: Last night.
Kelley Briscar: Was doing much everybody was worried we are
Kelley Briscar: Today for the members.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: 3030
Magalie Marcellus: Me. Oh, wow.
Yeah, I'm old.
Magalie Marcellus: And you don't look
Magalie Marcellus: Don't look like a person as a penny. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Nothing changes, but
Kelley Briscar: Again, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Look at mother I
Kelley Briscar: Need something
Kelley Briscar: For something like that.
Magalie Marcellus: So you don't have to
Kelley Briscar: Write
Kelley Briscar: My
Kelley Briscar: Own
Kelley Briscar: You know, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: So, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So how's your mom.
Kelley Briscar: My mom is pretty good.
Kelley Briscar: Hang in there.
Kelley Briscar: Well, there's not really any you know she put a whole person kind of hurt. And, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: She said happening here to get your prescriptions on the pharmacy and things
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Matthew dad. My dad picked
Kelley Briscar: Me, but Wednesday thing I get my my job.
Kelley Briscar: So I have some fun or Adobe max out like the family, but there's a few
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. And you guys
Kelley Briscar: So I'm taking you know and then over the weekend. You know, like I said, if she does it mean
Magalie Marcellus: So when you have to do.
Magalie Marcellus: She option right now that since I know she's a bit older, so maybe she has to be out the that soon.
Kelley Briscar: So right low, you know, every
Kelley Briscar: Time I went out with Dr.
Kelley Briscar: No.
Kelley Briscar: No, no, I gotta watch stupid.
Kelley Briscar: So I try not to.
Kelley Briscar: But kind of when
Kelley Briscar: You go to
Kelley Briscar: That
Magalie Marcellus: Got
Kelley Briscar: To get out for a few minutes and you
Kelley Briscar: Know,
Kelley Briscar: Get
Magalie Marcellus: Some sun as close to other people.
Kelley Briscar: Right, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: And then on the 19th, like I told you I had a year.
Kelley Briscar: So please
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Congratulations. How does it feel
Kelley Briscar: Good.
Kelley Briscar: I'm going to can't believe like a year, all that you know already, and then another way longer share
Kelley Briscar: My life.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: All
Magalie Marcellus: All these going on had, how are you coping.
Magalie Marcellus: With anxiety. Are you getting, are you on medication for anxiety still
Kelley Briscar: Around like a
Kelley Briscar: Little bit but
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: And I don't go overboard with everything you know i mean if you want you to watch on TV 24 seven
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so I tried it.
Kelley Briscar: For me things and just. Otherwise, you know, not so very little, you know, can you can do what you do.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: So you don't get much worse, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What and certain things you don't have control.
Magalie Marcellus: Over so right where I need
Magalie Marcellus: To make it better. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, let it run its course. I'm playing that song last longer than he needs to
Magalie Marcellus: Right, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, have a good one for you.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, my day. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: You know, I don't you know that you know
Kelley Briscar: People you know
Kelley Briscar: I know I
Kelley Briscar: Know it works. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have the same group members, pretty much. Now, has he been
Kelley Briscar: Home for a while.
Kelley Briscar: No, there's really only one girl that comes out every now and then. I think she's like, I'm a mom, you know, I know.
Kelley Briscar: I know that I can I can I will, you know, other than that.
Magalie Marcellus: So there's newer members.
Magalie Marcellus: You've been in the same with the same people. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: You went in the morning. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That's nice, you know, Mo.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, oh yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: We've us because we review our the
Magalie Marcellus: Customer Service, the customer survey that you, the patient, sold out and
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Anything that's under three. We just want to see, you know, what we can do to improve I know back in October, you probably don't remember, but it says something with the
Magalie Marcellus: Level of help.
Magalie Marcellus: That might have helped that you receive your own response, we wanted to know, what, what can the agency do to help it be to a point where you feel that it's a level that satisfactory for you.
Kelley Briscar: Maybe like
Magalie Marcellus: Say the amount of help.
Magalie Marcellus: On the listed
Magalie Marcellus: Options that they this quality of services service desired whether the meta be needs is also
Magalie Marcellus: Whether you would recommend the service or friend or so the amount of help that you receive so
Kelley Briscar: I mean, I, I'm very happy to all around, you know, the program. Oh, I really wouldn't. I wouldn't say
Kelley Briscar: Any other vendor table some little more challenging ones you'd like to send
Kelley Briscar: Over but I know
Kelley Briscar: Prescriptions where she calls it out. Let's
Magalie Marcellus: Listen.
Magalie Marcellus: To Graham.
Magalie Marcellus: I think, are you in a little bit.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: If you want to turn off the
Hello.
Kelley Briscar: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: Do you want to put the video.
Off.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I hear you can hear.
Kelley Briscar: Us. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Nice, nice. Okay, nice. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: There we go.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah, maybe a little bit
Magalie Marcellus: Right saying something with the description
Magalie Marcellus: As well. Yeah, it was an issue them.
Kelley Briscar: Know when to call it when she sent it over. First, she said filter for tablets and I've never been on since I and all this entire time. And then when you mix it. She will it for the front end for stress, she will for twice a day instead of three times a day.
Magalie Marcellus: So it's like within a 24
Kelley Briscar: hour period. We had, you know, it is. I mean, it got fixed and strange, you know, our, you know, so, but it's like
Kelley Briscar: You know, but other than that. No, I don't have any complaints or anything. I would say that, you know,
Kelley Briscar: You can be better about you but I mean to not perfect either, you know, I mean, she's human everybody say
Kelley Briscar: Like that would like to within like I said like, it's like really but
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, so it was just a specific incident that that's what
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but over the month of how that you receive with the program. What would you leave.
Kelley Briscar: Before 901 probably three. Now you know almost for
Kelley Briscar: Me, I'm very happy with this you know i mean i wouldn't be where I am.
Kelley Briscar: Now, if it wasn't for the you know the help of the program.
Magalie Marcellus: And I can say certainly those things, you know, sometimes they may be some hiccups here and there, but as
Magalie Marcellus: You know, we know about it in the staff would do their best to resolve whatever issues because they want you. We want you guys to be
Magalie Marcellus: Said to be successful in the program.
Industry.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Kelley Briscar: And I think I am so far. You know, I think I'm
Kelley Briscar: Good.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say you keeping yourself busy so besides I know you know, watching the news. So when when you as the fed by the way.
Kelley Briscar: All right. I mean, she was needed. And I thought, I made her actually of politeness or Wednesday for the bat, but she hasn't really the last few days she really hasn't. And so I'm thinking I'm a
Kelley Briscar: Week as well because I mean she's had like I said to kind of stop sneezing. So whenever it was I think kind of cleared up.
Kelley Briscar: With it right now. I can't even go inside with her. I have to like stay in the parking lot is again to overcome them, and they take your invite themselves. And it's because of that.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: When she's a call. You just do enough
Kelley Briscar: Enough. You know, like I said she was teasing. So I thought, well, maybe she was starting a cold but fine running around crazy. She's really
Kelley Briscar: Really good. And she really has the last
Kelley Briscar: Two, three days she really hasn't been anything. So maybe it was just, you know, make it blue or
Something
Kelley Briscar: Right, or what she'll do is once I cancel the appointment actual fact that
Magalie Marcellus: You never know.
Magalie Marcellus: If she's if she's better
Kelley Briscar: It's not, it's
Kelley Briscar: Not it's not cheap to take the first of all and
Kelley Briscar: Right now, like I said, you know, you can you can go inside.
Kelley Briscar: Once again, I understand, but it just kind of feels weird handing over the last
Kelley Briscar: Detach going in the right yeah you know
Kelley Briscar: If you know if I'm not going to cancel the thoughts that a day off, you know,
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: She's done it better.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. But even when she was season she was still running around like a crazy, you know, for you know animal. You know, so it didn't seem to a faster make her feel bad, it's just
Kelley Briscar: Got to be careful with that. Because sometimes they're like the story systems. I'm for them. So, and I tend to be overly protective I know with, especially after that left so around like that, but
Magalie Marcellus: To get sick. Yeah. Was that the first time she'd been SNEEZING Oh is it something
Magalie Marcellus: She's. That's the first time.
Kelley Briscar: That right now and then, you know, I mean, I noticed with her.
Kelley Briscar: You know she seems to go to a little stage. Don't want to stay like versus if need be. But then it's that
Kelley Briscar: You know I'm going right and then
Kelley Briscar: You know, so it's just like, I don't know if it's just her, you know, and now she is or, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Like I said, you find in every other way. Oh.
Shit.
Kelley Briscar: I swear, but as long as these Athan fine and not doing it now. You know, I probably will end up here.
Kelley Briscar: Matt. Matt time just yet. So I'll wait.
Magalie Marcellus: For next week this week.
Kelley Briscar: If we yeah
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. It's been a few more. A few more days so long. She keeps up the way she is. I'll be cancelling probably reschedule one thing, hopefully get a little bit, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Know,
Kelley Briscar: But
Kelley Briscar: If not, I have the appointment.
Kelley Briscar: But she keeps me busy.
Kelley Briscar: You know I'm constantly messing around with her. She constantly always wants out of that stage and you know she's the handful. You gotta watch everything that she loves to get in everything she's not supposed to be getting
Kelley Briscar: Oh, yeah, yeah. And we were to take the cord up like a with the electrical you're up close and
Kelley Briscar: We only hold of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you got to like keep an eye on when she now so she picked up a lot of my time, you know,
Kelley Briscar: I just find in
Kelley Briscar: We do here, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What like are you cleaning. Are you doing
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, cleaning them walking into
Kelley Briscar: The GB classes, trying to find one that's the area that timeframe where it's not too far and and it's not really it's not more than a couple days a week, because you know that way. My mom said if I can find something that flows.
Kelley Briscar: And is it more than like, you know, like the week show she would take me or my brother, you know, text me so that we don't have to worry about a buck and all that stuff. So I've been
Kelley Briscar: Doing unless your name is
Kelley Briscar: Just different things like that.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely did you look up resources online for those classes, even though I know you want to have a face to face that's gonna be down the line, but anything in the meantime.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, no, no. I did it, but that is good points. I didn't think it wouldn't even be something like to do right now anyway.
Right.
Kelley Briscar: So yeah, man. Well, look into that time.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe they have some resources you can
Magalie Marcellus: They can refer you to at least to get yourselves acclimated to some of the materials. By the time those class come around. Maybe you have a little
Magalie Marcellus: Bit more
Magalie Marcellus: Information to make it easier for you.
Kelley Briscar: Tonight. Right. Well, that, yeah. And I also made a girl here that I've become friends with and she's really good at math and
Magalie Marcellus: She has
Kelley Briscar: Helped me
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so that's good. To start off, if I asked you know
Magalie Marcellus: Some, some point
Kelley Briscar: Okay, yeah. Good. Nice to create a long time since I can you know a friend. You know, I feel like I've known her forever. And I've just known a
Really
Kelley Briscar: Nice.
Magalie Marcellus: I gotta ask this, you have any history with substance.
Kelley Briscar: No, no.
Kelley Briscar: No, no I didn't.
Kelley Briscar: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: How you guys met
Kelley Briscar: You will we were just upstairs, smoking a cigarette. One day, and we just started talking and just went from there, you know, I mean, the more time, we were out we talk more. And you know this.
Kelley Briscar: Is so easy to talk to. I found myself talking about things and I don't normally you know I don't use
Kelley Briscar: A lot of people very
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, very comfortable with her and she felt the pain with me so
You know,
Kelley Briscar: Real nice. She's on like, I mean, look down to earth, you know, woman.
Kelley Briscar: You know 15 to deal with it for
Magalie Marcellus: every session made a good impression for you to feel comfortable
Magalie Marcellus: That's good to have a good support and you don't know where where that's coming from. And again, everybody's uni uni associated Nadi any
Magalie Marcellus: Positive support you need to have
Magalie Marcellus: Your daughter.
Magalie Marcellus: You haven't one. Nobody, not seeing anybody now so but you say your son. He's working now.
Kelley Briscar: No, no. Well, that my younger know john not working yet.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Oh no, I didn't talk to him. I just haven't seen them.
Kelley Briscar: We
Kelley Briscar: Are a while now. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's awesome.
Magalie Marcellus: I didn't realize you like connecting with them that often.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: He's
Magalie Marcellus: in his 20s. Oh. Oh, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Know be 24th of July.
20. Oh, OK.
Magalie Marcellus: OK.
Magalie Marcellus: And just like his dad chance to get things out.
Kelley Briscar: Pretty much, yeah. I mean, kind of got a painful right now because the kids out of school and the grandchildren.
Magalie Marcellus: Are so many
Magalie Marcellus: People online school
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: Oh, pretty much a
Magalie Marcellus: Give him something to do it so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, please.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's your plan for the next three weeks. I know right now housing is not even a thought right now. With all this going on.
Magalie Marcellus: So anything you're working on for a short time any difficulty you having right now is that the planes are which are we covering overall
Kelley Briscar: No, no. Everything is going through
Kelley Briscar: The room. I wanted to get ended up not working out.
Kelley Briscar: The rate that they were willing to give me just wasn't in the cards, especially right now.
Kelley Briscar: You know what some cutting back is ours and stuff but I figure you know I was disappointed, but I figured, you know, I, you know, in time, you know, we're still here, you know, because he's supposed to be getting hired in to this place is right now you through the parallel to the service.
Kelley Briscar: And they just say loudly let them know that once that and
Kelley Briscar: Then hire a man full time or, you know, as a worker so
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: I just have to handle it.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, right.
Kelley Briscar: Now, other than that, I mean everything going pretty quickly.
Magalie Marcellus: And the relationship is so Cain okay with his substance use anything like that.
Kelley Briscar: No, no, nothing crazy or anything like that.
Kelley Briscar: First
Magalie Marcellus: Day. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, nothing. Unfortunately, at the moment, like, you know, hopefully do something for them. Once I get my money. I was
Kelley Briscar: Terrible. I
Magalie Marcellus: Did you
Magalie Marcellus: Did you cook a meal or something.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes you can appreciate
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm sure he'll understand but
Magalie Marcellus: Just said here you you recognize this is the day is the mission. Happy Birthday Bash to do for next
Kelley Briscar: Year. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Because some people forget now.
Kelley Briscar: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: So,
You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so
Magalie Marcellus: Any last minute things that I need to know were concerned that I wasn't aware of
Kelley Briscar: Oh, I mean, one thing I try to bring up is, I have
Kelley Briscar: A purpose that I work with our employer.
Kelley Briscar: He's looking for another job. So I don't know, with everything going on now. That'll put a halt on it or not, but last time we talked, you said it was, I'd be about three mom.
Kelley Briscar: You wouldn't be with me another place through the Mars. Oh, that was kind of a joke. You know, I mean, knowing
Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Ever
Magalie Marcellus: I'm missing something, who said, looking for another job.
Kelley Briscar: My counselor. I see all, I think I've told you about him.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Oh no no no no no no this
Kelley Briscar: Has nothing to do with this group. It's my through my doctor
Kelley Briscar: Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay. So, but what you seen him.
Kelley Briscar: Oh yeah, I've seen him for almost five years now, we've been
Kelley Briscar: Oh wow, okay. Yeah, that was a big joke you know i mean thought of him not being, you know, around it but you know where he said, we've been through that and
Kelley Briscar: When the time came, and closer and stuff. And I don't know. Now with all this going on. Maybe that's put a halt on it, you know.
Kelley Briscar: Look for a job, you know, I have my we have to do everything over the phone right now.
Kelley Briscar: All right, I have my guys when I played it with him in the morning, my morning at nine.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, I'm sure we'll talk more about it, you know.
Kelley Briscar: It's usually twice a week.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I saw
Kelley Briscar: Like the month. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Well, definitely. That's a big
Magalie Marcellus: Loss because that person like you said they've been a consistent person in your life for a while so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I can imagine them.
Magalie Marcellus: Being difficult
Separation.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: It's gonna be hard. When the time come
Kelley Briscar: But whatever works with that, you know,
Kelley Briscar: That's what
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and those things happen in you know know people have to move on. Sometimes, so when it happens just that could happen with Dr. Malik than somebody else.
Magalie Marcellus: Is to continue to work on you, even those hide. But, you know, the focus is that have to invent whoever's going to be the next person, that person to be there to help you navigate whatever issues that you
Magalie Marcellus: Sell now. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I love you for do but sometimes change can be good.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, yeah. But definitely, definitely as high that you know that
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it's something to to work around but
Magalie Marcellus: You know what this is life. So it's constantly change. And we just in unless sometimes some some change takes longer to adjust than others.
Magalie Marcellus: But I know that you know is lean a little bit at a time you run into except this is what's happening then eventually you're gonna get to the other side where you accept this is the way it is. And I have to move on.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, whatever. I can do a man and to have you with that process.
Magalie Marcellus: Here for years. Well,
Kelley Briscar: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Tomorrow you meet with them by phone.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: yeahs can
Magalie Marcellus: Cover whatever last minute issues or whatever things you need to resolve.
Magalie Marcellus: This part of termination, which
Magalie Marcellus: Is another part of working in that mental health industry.
Magalie Marcellus: But I'm surprised me that long, because the thing, the timeline is pretty high. So that, that's a good
Magalie Marcellus: Thing that he was there for that long.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Well, hopefully you have a good session tomorrow.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: He said, have you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So you tell me, do you want us to wait.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe two weeks because with all the craziness going on, Tommy.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm keeping you on Monday. Yo, white idea on one of the few people that I keep on Mondays, because I typically don't see people on Mondays.
Magalie Marcellus: SO WE'LL KEEP THE MONDAY AT seven what today is
Magalie Marcellus: OK, you can try back again and the data. Now the April 13
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, seven o'clock. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: All right, I will
Magalie Marcellus: Well, be safe and take care of yourself. Okay.